README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Service Usage for PHP

> Idiomatic PHP client for [Google Cloud Service Usage](https://cloud.google.com/service-usage).

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/google/cloud-service-usage/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-service-usage) [![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/google/cloud-service-usage.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-service-usage)

* [API documentation](http://googleapis.github.io/google-cloud-php/#/docs/cloud-service-usage/latest/serviceusage/readme)

**NOTE:** This repository is part of [Google Cloud PHP](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-php). Any
support requests, bug reports, or development contributions should be directed to
that project.

### Installation

To begin, install the preferred dependency manager for PHP, [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

Now to install just this component:

```sh
$ composer require google/cloud-service-usage
```

Or to install the entire suite of components at once:

```sh
$ composer require google/cloud
```

This component supports both REST over HTTP/1.1 and gRPC. In order to take advantage of the benefits offered by gRPC (such as streaming methods)
please see our [gRPC installation guide](https://cloud.google.com/php/grpc).

### Authentication

Please see our [Authentication guide](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-php/blob/main/AUTHENTICATION.md) for more information
on authenticating your client. Once authenticated, you'll be ready to start making requests.

### Version

This component is considered beta. As such, it should be expected to be mostly
stable and we're working towards a release candidate. We will address issues
and requests with a higher priority.

### Next Steps

1. Understand the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/service-usage/docs).

Commit message:

chore: release v1.0.0 for GA libraries (#5573)
* chore: release v1.0.0 for GA libraries

meta: force 1.0 release
Release-As: v1.0.0

* revert apis missing V1, and Language

* remove all GrpcClient classes and ignore them in owlbot

* remove deprecated proto BC files from 1.0 release

* remove class_alias code from all proto messages for 1.0 release

* revert Build

* add back Build compat files

README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Service Usage for PHP

> Idiomatic PHP client for [Google Cloud Service Usage](https://cloud.google.com/service-usage).

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/google/cloud-service-usage/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-service-usage) [![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/google/cloud-service-usage.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-service-usage)

* [API documentation](http://googleapis.github.io/google-cloud-php/#/docs/cloud-service-usage/latest/serviceusage/readme)

**NOTE:** This repository is part of [Google Cloud PHP](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-php). Any
support requests, bug reports, or development contributions should be directed to
that project.

### Installation

To begin, install the preferred dependency manager for PHP, [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

Now to install just this component:

```sh
$ composer require google/cloud-service-usage
```

Or to install the entire suite of components at once:

```sh
$ composer require google/cloud
```

This component supports both REST over HTTP/1.1 and gRPC. In order to take advantage of the benefits offered by gRPC (such as streaming methods)
please see our [gRPC installation guide](https://cloud.google.com/php/grpc).

### Authentication

Please see our [Authentication guide](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-php/blob/main/AUTHENTICATION.md) for more information
on authenticating your client. Once authenticated, you'll be ready to start making requests.

### Version

This component is considered GA (generally available). As such, it will not introduce backwards-incompatible changes in
any minor or patch releases. We will address issues and requests with the highest priority.

### Next Steps

1. Understand the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/service-usage/docs).
